auto-docs: Update property docs for tag v26.1.7 (#1693)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/reference/partials/properties/cluster-properties.adoc

|===

=== oidc_http_proxy_url

> URL of the HTTP forward proxy used for OIDC discovery and JWKS fetches. Accepts http://host:port or https://host:port. When set, oidc_discovery_url must use https:// — plaintext OIDC origins cannot be routed through a forward proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URL of the HTTP forward proxy used for OIDC discovery and JWKS fetches. Accepts `http://host:port` or `https://host:port`. When set, `oidc_discovery_url` must use `https://`.  Plain text OIDC origins cannot be routed through a forward proxy.
```
